#Overview
This project creates, but does not provision, an [AWS](http://aws.amazon.com/) environment suitable for running an 
EC2 Registry.

#Prerequisites

* [Terraform](https://terraform.io/) installed and working
* Development and testing was done on [Ubuntu Linux](http://www.ubuntu.com/)
* [SSH](http://www.openssh.com/) installed and working
* The environment variable `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` set to your AWS Access Key ID 
* The environment variable `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` set to your AWS Secret Access Key
* The environment variable `AWS_REGION` set to AWS region you will be working in 
* An existing [AWS IAM account](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/) that has full administration privledges

#Building
This project is a collection of data files consumed by Terraform so there is nothing to build. 

#Installation
You need to export your AWS key information to the environment so that Terraform can pick them up.  Typically, this is 
done via a simple export command.

* `export AWS_REGION=us-east-1`
* `export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA`
* `export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA`

#Tips and Tricks

##Creating The Cloud Environment 
To create a new environment, run `./create.sh` and you should have a new Docker registry and 3 new IAM groups that allow for interactint
with the Docker registry.  Terraform keeps track of the current state of the AWS assets it manages so it is **very important to commit and 
push any changes to Git** after any changes have been made.  Otherwise, Terraform will get confused when the next person clones this 
repository and tries to apply any changes.

##Verifying The Setup
Open the AWS console and 

* TODO
* TODO

##Start Over
If there is an error with configuration that prevents Terraform from completing its mission, run `./destroy.sh` to remove any assets that 
have been created.

##The IAM Groupls
TODO

##The Registry
TODO

#Troubleshooting

#Amazon Region
Amazon is still rolling out ECR and it currently only available in the Virginia region (us-east-1).

##Terraform Version
Easily, the largest cause of problems is that an older version of Terraform is being used.  Terraform is constantly being updated to keep 
up with AWS and you need to ensure you have the most current version installed.  Unfortunately, Terraform's error message won't give you 
a clue that  you are running an old version of the tool.

##Use Linux
Development and testing of this plan was done using Ubuntu linux.  Trying to make it work on Windows is possible but you may 
run into problems that don't appear in Linux.

##Asset Tagging
Following Amazon's advice, all generated assets are tagged such that it should be easy to identify which assets were generated by this 
plan and those that were not.  An example of some tags that are applied to an EC2 asset include:

* Managed-By: Managed By Terraform
* Name: Registry Blue
* Purpose: experimentation 
* Realm: Experimentation 

The `Managed-By` indicates that the asset was created by Terraform and not by hand.  The `Name` tag is the standard AWS tag giving the 
asset a unique name.  Notice the use of the color `Blue` in the name?  Each availability zone is assigned a color which allows you to 
identify which AZ the asset resides in.  The `Realm` is a logical grouping of all the generated assets.  In the above example, all the 
assets exist solely for experimentation.  The `Purpose` is a refinement of the `Realm` where we indicate what type of testing we are doing.
In this case, we are doing general QA but we could have tags for penetration testing, load testing, etc.


#License and Credits
This project operates under the Apache license.

#List of Changes
